BackNav component: new prop for label tag (#178)
moovweb/react-storefront: README.md

## Changelog

### 6.30.0

> - Adds a new `labelTag` prop to `BackNav`. This needed for analytics in some projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds a new `labelComponent` prop to `BackNav`, which allows you to override the default HTML element used to render the label.
```

Author: changed
